[Music]
hi guys welcome back to another video I
hope you're doing really really good so
I thought new line with a come to the
air for style the log work only even of
Singapore Changi Airport which has been
voted like them
[Music]
for you they just built another terminal
that kind of thing called the jewelled
so I just checked it out I saw it's got
like loads of cool features like with
the biggest indoor water soon all going
to Dubai it's about seven and a half
hour flight I've already checked my
luggage in Mason's just got to check his
suitcase they actually got sensor it's
so a par-5 right now and our flight is
at twenty to ten so we've got loads of
tired to have a little window right so
here for this interior I got some
chicken but I think it
[Applause]
[Music]
we just sit you around the corner
attract
train going on
[Music]
earn everything before
so we just came through you like a broad
a bit water control there isn't actually
security like I usually is it's at the
gate such a dear isn't it so is easy so
we're just going to do see hurry I think
every single act but I always espresso
with loads of anything and I can they're
actually spelter so anyway compare it of
the new iPhone
what's different I'm just trying to find
a girl like down
[Music]
right
that's what we go
[Music]
single
- why
they baked it it's a nice
redeye
[Music]
- a two-month-old
this one
or just
[Music]